# CedMD: Crowd enhanced deeplearning medical diagnosis (for lung nodule detection)
Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer deaths, claiming 2 million lives per year. Early diagnosis will help the patient undertake the required treatment and improve quality of life. Traditionally, doctors and radiologists look at computed tomography (CT) scans to find if any cancerous tumors exist. However, given the large amount of data, this is not scalable and we need a secondary screening tool to analyse such clinical data. With the advent of Deep Learning, many computer aided diagnostic (CAD) systems have been developed for nodule detection and nodule classification tasks. These models are created using 3D Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) as the primary building blocks. However, since the amount of training data to train a CNN model is quite small (only 1000 scans), the number of False positives in the predictions of such models is very high. Also, it is expensive and time-consuming to manually annotate a large-scale medical dataset. Therefore, we look at a crowdsourcing approach to annotate lung nodules in CT scan slices. Since this is a challenging tasks with the need for medical domain knowledge to accurately identify and annotate nodules, we conduct different crowdsouring experiments with different design hyperparameters to decide the optimal parameters to conduct this task successfully. Each experiment has 20 annotators detecting tumors in each subtask. Since, multiple workers are annotating tumors in each subtask, we have developed a crowd agreement methodology to generate points of interest where crowd agrees that a potential tumor exists.
